feat: refreshable exports (#202)
voxpupuli/puppet-openssl: README.md

}
```

### Dynamic refresh of exported files

> If you want Puppet to refresh the PKCS#12, PEM/x509 or PEM key file in case the input files changed, set the dynamic mode on and handle over desired resources for subscription:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want Puppet to refresh the PKCS#12, PEM/x509 or PEM key file in case the input files changed, set the dynamic mode on and list desired resources for subscription:
```
